#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile setup.py
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via cori-ai (setup.py)
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
aiohttp==3.11.10
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   requests
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain-community
deprecated==1.2.15
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   pygithub
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   groq
    #   openai
eval-type-backport==0.2.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   mistralai
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   huggingface-hub
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain-google-genai
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   huggingface-hub
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.10
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.155.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.37.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.3
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
groq==0.13.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain-groq
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.68.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   groq
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   mistralai
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mistralai
huggingface-hub==0.27.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   mistralai
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.12
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.12
    # via cori-ai (setup.py)
langchain-core==0.3.25
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==2.0.7
    # via cori-ai (setup.py)
langchain-groq==0.2.1
    # via cori-ai (setup.py)
langchain-mistralai==0.2.3
    # via cori-ai (setup.py)
langchain-openai==0.2.12
    # via cori-ai (setup.py)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.3
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain
langsmith==0.2.3
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.23.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   dataclasses-json
mistralai==1.2.5
    # via cori-ai (setup.py)
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
openai==1.55.3
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.12
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   cffi
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
pydantic==2.10.3
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   mistralai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain-community
pygithub==2.5.0
    # via cori-ai (setup.py)
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   pygithub
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   pygithub
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   mistralai
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langsmith
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-auth
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   langchain-mistralai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pygithub
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   mistralai
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   pygithub
    #   requests
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
    #   deprecated
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cori-ai (setup.py)
